Question 1:
An event is an action that could be triggered as a result of the user action or system generated
 event. For example, a mouse click, loading of a web page, pressing a key, window resizes,
 and other interactions are called events.
React has its own event handling system.
in HTML we declare event handler like this.
    <button onclick="showMessage()">  
           Hello JavaTpoint  
    </button>  
with JSX, afunction is passed as a event handler instead of string.
and in React we devlare event like this 
    <button onClick={showMessage}>  
          Hello JavaTpoint  
    </button>  

https://www.javatpoint.com/react-events

Question 2:
Memory leak occurs when programmers create a memory in heap and forget to delete it. 
Memory leaks are particularly serious issues for programs like daemons and servers which 
by definition never terminate.
a memory leak is a type of resource leak that occurs when a computer program incorrectly
 manages memory allocations in a way that memory that is no longer needed is not released.

There are three things which can cause this:
Memory leaks in React applications are primarily a result of not canceling subscriptions
made when a component was mounted before the component gets unmounted. These subscriptions could be a:

    DOM Event Listener
    WebSocket Subscription
    Request to an API(AbortControllers)
for example: when we addEventListener we also need to remove it , to prevent any memory leak'.


Question 3:
Do you prefer function-based or class component and why ?
I prefer functional based components.
because:
1. functional bases comp doesnt use the tradional way of component life cycles.
2. func comp uses different type of hooks, which can give the same fundamental features like
class components give.
3. func comp are just like another javascript function, which supports all features as a 
pure function.
4. we dont need to declare constructor  like we do in class components.
5. constructor is a must to have method in class component. cause constructor is also called
before it reaches Render, and constructor contains the  states.
6. func components are also easy to use. we also getting new updates for fun comp. but not for
class components.

Question 4:
Explain reducer as pure function in redux?
In redux, reducers are pure functions that contains the logic and the calculation which 
need to be performed on the state.Reducer(pure function) accepts the initial state of the state
being used and the action type. it updates the state and responsd with a new state.
Reudcers are pure functions, which require the previous state and an action. and returns with 
a new state object, without mutating the previous state.
Pure functions are those which takes a set of inputs and give the same output. 
which gives the sameout result for same set of argumnets. there should not be any external 
argument inside function.

Question 5:

Thunk allows us to dispatch actions manually, which gives us the power to incorporate some
 logic or run some asynchronous code before dispatching an action. The function returned 
from action is called a thunk function which is called with two arguments : 

1. dispatch: It is a method used to dispatch actions, that can be received by reducers. 
2. getState: It gives access to store inside the thunk function.

A thunk function may contain any arbitrary logic, sync, or async, and can call dispatch
 or getState at any time. Before moving any further let’s understand the difference between
 the flow of redux with and without thunk.

Question 6:
What do you know about NPM?
Npm stands for Node Package Manager. It is a package manager for the Node JavaScript platform.
 Npm is known as the world's largest software registry. 

npm consists of three distinct components:

1. the website
2. the Command Line Interface (CLI)
3. the registry

Download standalone tools you can use right away.
